Final prototype version

Hello User
Welcome to our Refu-Free prototype test

To set up the test environment, we require you to follow the steps below.
If any issues do arise, please do not hesitate to contact us @ mjb8818@rit.edu.

1. 
    To experience the prototype, we require you to use a Windows Operating System.
    
    We also ask you to install one piece of software:

            Visual Studios Code:
            Version: 1.55.2 (user setup)
            This can be found here: https://code.visualstudio.com/?wt.mc_id=DX_841432
            Please install this in a folder on your desktop or a location you can easily recall so that you can remove it after our test.

2. 
    After you successfully install Visual Studios Code, please download our source files located from MyCourses.
    We advise you to export these files into a folder in a well-known location so that you can easily navigate to the folder.

3. 
    Please start Visual Studios Code and select the "Open Folder" option towards the bottom of the page.
    Then after clicking, please locate the folder in which you exported the source files for Refu-Free.
    After Locating, please open the project.

4. 
    Due to the need to store temporary data on the clientside, We will require the use of an Extension called "Live Server."
    For our test; we will need you to install this locally.
    After opening the project, you should see a few icons on the left-hand side of the page. 
    Please navigate to the small squares icon "Extensions" and click it.
    After doing so, please use the search bar at the top of the page and insert "Live Server."
    A lot of options will appear, but we only require that exact Extension.
    Please click on the small button called "install" on the bottom right-hand side under "Live Server."

6. 
    Now that you have successfully installed "Live Server", you should now be able to start the local server to conduct our testing.
    To do this, you will have to navigate to the bottom right-hand side of the page. There will be text that states "Go Live," 
    please click on that button, and a server will be created. 
    
    *NOTE* This will open a new browser page and all of the HTML files will apear.  

7. 
    The setup is completed. To begin the test, please click on the login.html option on the browser. Please read the instructions below 
    about the specific usage scenarios. We ask you not to change the page settings or zoom into or out of a page during the testing. 
    we recommend you use a 1900x1080 monitor for testing.


Content that will not be working for this prototype include:
    -Chat functionality
    -filter options for forums
    -Only one category and post will be viewable
    -Lcoal news links on homepage
    -Quick-access tools on the bottom of the page
    -profile photo 
    -creation of a new user 
    -forgotten password tool
    -homepage and forum page may present visual issues. we recommend you use a 1900x1080 monitor for testing.
    -seperate access for different user groups
    -multi-language support


There are four usage scenarios that you will be going through

1. Login 
    
    1.
    To complete this task, you must correctly input the username and password.
    For this text, please use these parameters for your specific user group:

        Local

            username: Local
            password: password
            
        Refugee

            username: refugee
            password: password

    2. 
    After inputting the information, please click on the sign-in button. 
    If you correctly inputted the correct parameters, you will be transported to the lander page. 
    If you incorrectly inputted the parameters, please double check you are typing the correct parameters.

    3. 
    Scenario Completed Please continue to scenario 2 Edit Profile.
    
2. Edit Profile

    1.
    After completing the first scenario, you will be at the homepage.
    Please navigate to the right-hand side of the page and locate the grey user profile. Please click on the user icon.

    2.
    You will be taken to a new page that has been pre-populated with the user's data. Please familiarize yourself with the page and its details.

    3.
    After you have familiarized yourself, please navigate to the edit button on the top right-hand side of the page.
    Please press the button. You will notice that the button has changed to say save. You have now accessed the edit mode correctly.

    4.
    You will notice that now you can edit the details of the user. Please go ahead and select a pre-populated element and edit it to your liking.

    5.
    After you completed that action, please locate the save button on the top right-hand side of the page. Please press that button.

    6.
    The newly inputted data will be visible and cannot be edited. You have successfully completed scenario 2 Edit Profile.
    Please continue to scenario three, view a forum post.

3. View a Forum post

    1. 
    From your current page, please navigate to the top of the page and find the button "Forum," after doing so, please press the button.

    2.
    A new page will appear, you will be able to see three main parts of the page: Latest posts, Filters, and Categories. 
    Please familiarize yourself with the page.

    3.
    For this test, we will only have one active forum category and post. Please navigate to the category part of the page.
    You will locate a link with the words Job Listing. Please press that link.

    4.
    This has brought you to the specific forum category "Job Listing." You will notice that the page has changed slightly. 
    Now, only active posts will be present. There should be a post called "Waiters Needed." Please click on that thread.

    5.
    You have now made it to the forum post "Waiters Needed" in the category "Job Listing." Please familiarize yourself with the page. 
    You will notice information on the post towards the top left-hand side of the page. Below that will be the body of the post. 
    Below that, you will notice a text box with the button "Add Reply." Please insert a comment and press the "Add Reply" button.

    6. 
    You will now be able to see your new reply below in the comment section. 
    You have successfully completed scenario 3, "View Forums." 

    NOTE:
    IF you are a Refugee Tester, please continue our final scenario, scenario 4: View a class.
    IF you are a Local Tester, the following scenario will not be required. Thank you for helping test our application.

4. View a class NOTE: This feature is only for Refugees, but for this prototype we will not have this differentiation.

    1.
    From your current page, please navigate to the top of the page and find the button "Education," after doing so, please press the button.

    2.
    After doing so, you will be brought to a new page, Education. Please familiarize yourself with the page.

    3.
    After you have familiarized yourself with the page, please locate the class "English." It will be denoted with a photo.

    4.
    After you have located the class "English," please press that button.

    5.
    Now you are on the English class page; please familiarize yourself with the page by clicking on overview, schedule and homework, and content.

    6.
    You have completed the last scenario, scenario 4. View a class. 

    Thank you for participating in our testing!
    
    Noww that you are done, please unistall Visual studios and delete the folder that contains our source code.
    After doing so, please locate the Recycle bin icon on your desktop or search "Recycle bin" in the windows search bar at the bottom left of the page
    and right click on it and select the empty recycle bin option to delete the files completely

    If you require help unistalling Visual Stidos please follow this link for further assistance.
    https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/uninstall-visual-studio?view=vs-2019
